[v14 - Ready] Migration guide and fixes to history file (#934)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/v14_migration_guide.md

> # Version 14 Migration Guide

Author: I think these are the points we should mention, but tell me if I forgot something.

!!! note
    Catalyst version 14 also introduces several new features. These will not be discussed here, however, they are described in Catalyst's [history file](https://github.com/SciML/Catalyst.jl/blob/master/HISTORY.md).

## System completeness
In ModelingToolkit v9 (and thus also Catalyst v14) all systems (e.g. `ReactionSystem`s and `ODESystem`s) are either *complete* or *incomplete* (completeness was already a thing, however, recent updates mean that the user now has to be aware of this). Complete and incomplete systems differ in that
- Only complete systems can be used as inputs to simulations or most tools for model analysis.
- Only incomplete systems can be [composed with other systems to form hierarchical models](@ref compositional_modeling).

A model's completeness depends on how it was created:
- Models created programmatically (using the `ReactionSystem` constructor) are *incomplete*.
- Models created using the `@reaction_network` DSL are *complete*.
- To create *incomplete models using the DSL*, use the `@network_component` macro (in all other aspects identical to `@reaction_network`).
- Models generated through the `compose` and `extend` functions are *incomplete*.

> Furthermore, any systems generated through e.g. `convert(ODESystem, rs)` are also complete. 

Author: no, you are right. This is just an error on my part, should have be "are also incomplete". 

I will change it to "... `convert(ODESystem, rs)` are not marked as complete"

> Furthermore, any systems generated through e.g. `convert(ODESystem, rs)` are also complete. 

Author: Now it is
```
Furthermore, any systems generated through e.g. `convert(ODESystem, rs)`  are *not marked as complete*. 
```

#### Modification of problems with conservation laws broken
While it is possible to update e.g. `ODEProblem`s using the [`remake`](@ref simulation_structure_interfacing_problems_remake) function, this is currently not possible if the `remove_conserved = true` option was used. E.g. while
```@example v14_migration_5
using Catalyst, OrdinaryDiffEq
rn = @reaction_network begin
 (k1,k2), X1 <--> X2
end
u0 = [:X1 => 1.0, :X2 => 2.0]
ps = [:k1 => 0.5, :k2 => 3.0]
oprob = ODEProblem(rn, u0, (0.0, 10.0), ps; remove_conserved = true)
sol(oprob)
# hide
```
is perfectly fine, attempting to then modify `oprob` (in any manner!) is not possible:
```@example v14_migration_5
oprob_remade = remake(oprob; u0 = [:X1 => 5.0]) # NEVER do this.
sol(oprob)
# hide
```
This might generate a silent error, where the remade problem is different from the intended one. 

This bug was likely present on earlier versions as well, but was only recently discovered. While we hope it will be fixed soon, the bug is in ModelingToolkit, and will not be fixed until its maintainers find the time to do so.

#### Depending on parameter order is even more dangerous than before

> In early versions of Catalyst, parameters and species were provided as vectors (e.g. `[1.0, 2.0]`) rather than maps (e.g. `[p => 1.0, d => 2.0]`). While we have already *strongly* recommended users to use the map form (or they might produce unintended results), the vector form is still (technically). Due to recent internal ModelingToolkit updates, the risk of unexpected behaviour when providing parameter values as vectors is even larger than before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In early versions of Catalyst, parameters and species were provided as vectors (e.g. `[1.0, 2.0]`) rather than maps (e.g. `[p => 1.0, d => 2.0]`). While we previously *strongly* recommended users to use the map form (or they might produce unintended results), the vector form was still supported (technically). Due to recent internal ModelingToolkit updates, the purely numeric form is no longer supported and should never be used -- it will potentially lead to incorrect values for parameters and/or initial conditions. Note that if `rn` is a complete `ReactionSystem` you can now specify such mappings via `[rn.p => 1.0, rn.d => 2.0]`.
```
